CHAPTER 2
 


Aiden



At noon, the strip club is an empty box of velvet and unlit neon lights. It’s hard to recognize without the men lounging by the front stage or the dancers on their podiums.
I know this place intimately. It’s mine, after all.
The place provides a perfect opportunity for illicit activity—though not the type that happens in crowded bathrooms with broken stalls, doors hanging half off. We aren’t in the business of pimping out our dancers or using them to slake our own appetites. We know how not to mix business and pleasure, unlike other families.
I take a sip of my drink. The whiskey is smooth, liquid fire racing down my throat. It has a spice to it, the kind that lets you know it costs double figures per glass.
Most things here are expensive.
I’m not a paperwork man. I am a man in charge, though, which means that I make it my business to see all the numbers. No one buys a single bottle before I see the price tag.
Not that we skimp on the alcohol. That’s where most of the budget goes. “Perfect,” I murmur.
I’m not sure who I’m speaking to. Maybe it’s the specter of my father, standing in the darkened corners of the room, watching me examine the profits. He is the reason we’ve come this far. Why we were driven to succeed.
I take another sip of whiskey. Lachlan doesn’t mind when I make myself something from the stock. He might be the one leading the family, but he knows I have a specific passion for making us the best. He’s the level-headed
 
older brother. I’m the one that chews the bone until it’s powder.
None of these numbers will bring my father back, but I’m not a fucking idiot. I’m not trying to raise the dead.
I’m raising a legacy.
Before I can take another sip, I hear voices. I know them immediately. Connor and Finn are hard to mistake. They’re young, and they also ended up with all the spontaneity and lack of control that Lachlan and I didn’t get.
I can already tell they’re both excited. God help me.
The door to the office swings open. It barely misses hitting the wall, and I resist the urge to chew them out for the damage they could have done.
Barely.
Connor is blond, with brown eyes and all the muscle in the world. He can intimidate people, but it’s mostly because he’s big and loud. Finn looks more like me. Dark brown hair, leaner muscle. His eyes are greener than mine, the blue in them blending like watercolor.
Whatever it is they’re talking about, they’re animated. I’m half worried Connor will knock over the whiskey I have on the table.
“Do you need something?” I ask, hoping they’ll leave if I humor them.
Connor doesn’t quite hear me. Finn does. He turns to me, waving a hand blindly at Connor to shut him up.
“Where’s Lachlan?”
I lean back in my seat, crossing my left leg over my right. “Out. Dealing with business. He should be back soon.”
“Now?” Finn is almost vibrating. I have no clue what has him so keyed up. “Shit. Meeting with a supplier?”
“Yes.” I don’t like how exuberant they are. When they’re like this, it means trouble. “What the hell is this about?”
“Whoa! Why the bad mouth?” Connor asks. He’s laughing. If he had his head screwed on right, he wouldn’t have talked to me like that. Whatever this is, it’s major.
I raise an eyebrow. “We playing games, now?”
Finn has his hands on his hips, like he’s debating how to tell me something. He looks clean, which has alarm bells ringing in my head. Finn being sober is like finding a four-leaf clover. You’d have to trample an entire field, and you’d get fed up before you came close.
Before Finn can spill whatever he’s hiding, the door opens again. At least this time, the wall is safe.
 
Lachlan enters. His almost-black hair is slicked back and his green eyes are cutting. He’s still half in business mode. He’s taller than us all, and it’s always felt like an immense gap. He always feels like he’s towering over you.
Lachlan barely has to glance at Connor and Finn to recognize there’s a situation.
“What’s going on?”
Connor breaks the news, almost bouncing on the balls of his feet as he speaks.
“We have shit on Antonio Donovan.” He’s grinning. I’m not.
What I do feel is pure, unbridled rage. The name tends to do that to me. There’s really no other way to react to the man responsible for killing my father.
The same rage and satisfaction I feel is reflected in Connor’s and Finn’s faces as well. Lachlan is more of a closed book, but it’s the little things that give him away, like the way he leans back against the wall and nods his head once. He wants this as badly as we do.
It’s been a long time coming. Two years, actually. It’s been two years since Antonio Donovan killed my father, Callum, and got away with it.
Revenge was always on our minds. We didn’t tiptoe around it. We knew we wanted Antonio to pay, and we were going to be the ones to make him suffer.
The Assembly didn’t agree.
Six families, and all the power split between us. Yet when our family suffered, the vote was that there wasn’t enough evidence. If we tried to attack or kill Antonio, our lives would be forfeit.
As much as we wanted Antonio dead, our father taught us well. We were smarter than to throw ourselves into danger.
So we waited.
After all that waiting, our patience is finally paying off. I smile, an eerie sort of peace searing my veins, stronger than the whiskey.
“It’s what we’ve been waiting for,” Connor says. There’s a feverish glow to his eyes.
He might be adopted, but there’s no doubting he’s our brother. He’s always been our brother. Connor has just as much reason to kill Antonio as the rest of us.
“So?” Lachlan prompts. He’s not keen on dancing around the issue.
 
“What do you have?”
“He’s always wanted power,” Finn replies. He crosses his arms over his chest and starts to pace. Sobriety is getting to him, I think. “He’s made a move.”
“Where and how? Do you have proof?”
Connor cuts in, impatient, practically glowing. There’s a giddy grin on his face. “He’s cutting in on the Ravens.”
Lachlan’s brows shoot up, and I almost drop my whiskey. “He can’t be,” my older brother growls. “That’s idiotic.”
“He’s an idiot,” Finn replies smoothly. “He’s undercutting the Raven Syndicate. Buyers, stealing business—you name it.”
“Secretly,” Connor adds, mocking.
Lachlan leans over the table I’m sitting at. He pours himself a glass, turning the whiskey bottle with a practiced wrist. No drops hit the table.
“If the Ravens find out, it’ll be a bloodbath,” he says. He sounds like he’s musing about the weather.
Connor is practically jumping up and down. I know how he feels, but I wish he’d sit down. He’s making me want to get up and punch something.
Or maybe that’s just the whiskey talking. The whiskey and the knowledge that we have Antonio.
He’s going to fucking pay.
“We have leverage,” Finn says. His eyes glint. He may be sober, but something has him in its grip. He’s hooked. “We can take this fucker down.”
Lachlan takes a slow sip of whiskey. He has the look in his eyes he gets when he’s talking to a new supplier. There’s a shadow cast over his eyes, a hint of the gears turning in his head. When he looks up, his eyes are fiery.
“We’ll do this carefully. Perfectly. There will be no room for failure.”
Connor bites at his lip. He has the mulish look of a man who wants to argue, but he knows better. This is Lachlan’s and my show. We’re calling the shots.
“Okay,” Connor says. His smirk is more controlled this time, the glint to it wicked. “Let’s do this.”
Lachlan moves suddenly, sliding his glass onto the table in the same motion that he uses to cross the room and open the door.
“We owe Donovan a visit. It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
I’m out of my seat before I can think about moving. I don’t look back to see if Finn closes the door. I know he and Connor are behind us.
 
I know where we’re headed. Antonio’s front of choice is an investment firm. Before everything, we used to joke about how boring it was. We’d tease him for being like a middle-class father, working an office job and never having a real life.
It seems like a lifetime ago, now.
We all duck into Lachlan’s car. It’s sleek, black, low to the ground. He has good taste, but he doesn’t like branded things or fancy labels. With Lachlan, it’s all about anonymity and image.
Ironic, given that he owns a strip club.
“We’re going to nail him,” Connor says, shutting his door a little too hard.
Lachlan doesn’t even notice. “We are. But we’re doing this carefully.” “Fuck careful—”
“No.” One word and Connor shuts up. Lachlan’s been able to do that since he was a kid. He inherited some of our father’s intimidation. Maybe not as much as I did.
I adjust my seat and lean it back. “We do this right, we can enjoy the show,” I remind Connor. “Can’t see the fireworks if you’re there lighting the fuse.”
“I thought we wanted him to burn,” Connor says, his words tense.
If there’s one thing I know about Connor, it’s that he’s always raring for a fight. It’s the one thing that sets him apart from the rest of us. Not that he’s adopted, but that he’s always looking for a fight.
Not that the rest of us don’t fight. We just wait for the fools to come to us. “We do,” Lachlan says patiently. It’s a wonder he can stay so calm. “But
you remember what the Assembly did last time.”
“Nothing,” Finn mutters. I glance back at him. He’s unusually quiet. “So?” Connor snaps. “They aren’t calling the shots now.”
“They’re always calling the shots,” Lachlan says darkly. No room for argument.
I wave a hand toward the backseat. “We’ll get our due. But Lachlan is right—we do this perfectly. We make sure he burns, but we do it right.”
Connor gives up, thank god. I hate the way Antonio puts us all on edge like this. It’s the closest we ever come to not being perfectly in tune with one another. We’re usually on the same page. Antonio can throw us all into chaos if we’re not careful.
Still, I’d trust Connor to get shit done if my life depended on it. We all
 
have that same feeling, the bone deep surety that we will support each other no matter what comes our way.
That thought is what makes us silent, not brooding but waiting. Preparing.
The rest of the drive goes by quickly. Lachlan pulls up to a spot and pauses before turning the car off, turning to look at Connor and Finn.
“Wait and listen,” he says. He’s not asking. “I’ll lead. We are going to walk in and tell him exactly what he doesn’t want to hear, and he will have no choice but to say yes.”
Connor grins darkly. “Fuck yes, he will.” Finn stays quiet, giving a sharp nod.
There’s a receptionist at the desk when we walk in. She stands, her mouth opening to say something, but none of us are stopping. She doesn’t squawk the way a normal secretary would, but I can hear her murmur something, probably to security.
Somehow, I end up in front. I shove the door to Antonio’s office open and almost smile when I hear the doorknob smack the wall.
Antonio stands. He looks pissed, silver-striped blonde hair ruffled when he jumps up. His green eyes are dark, his mouth pulled into a thin line.
I take one side. Lachlan stands front and center, and he waits until Antonio opens his mouth to speak, cutting him off.
“This is not a courtesy call. I think we’re beyond that.”
Antonio’s fingers are pressed to the desk. He looks like he wants to dig his nails into it and break the wood. I wish he would, wish he would lunge so I can hit him. Call it self-defense.
Lachlan continues. “We know you’re undercutting the Ravens. You didn’t hide your tracks well enough. Buyers, Antonio? Stealing their business? It’s not very nice.”
Antonio’s face is set. The bastard is stoic, if nothing else. It just makes me want to punch him even more.
“I think we should notify our friends,” Lachlan says mildly. “I think they’d appreciate knowing that they’re being fucked over. I can’t say that I’m surprised, but they might be. They might not take it well.”
Antonio’s jaw twitches. I wait, breathless, and I can feel my pulse race. “Don’t,” Antonio says.
I feel like I’m taking a step out into thin air from the top of a high-rise. It’s the bottom dropping out of your stomach, the feeling right before the roller coaster soars.
 
It’s the closest thing there is to begging. Antonio clenches his teeth and says, “Don’t tell them. Please.”
That one word fills me with warmth, liquid ecstasy, relief like nothing I’ve ever experienced. I can’t even begin to explain how much I’ve wanted to hear him say it.
All that pleasure doesn’t stop the fact that I want to hit him until he bleeds.
I can feel Connor simmering on the other side of Lachlan. His leather jacket creaks like he’s tensing his muscles, preparing to barrel across the room. It feels like the place is on fire.
“The Ravens value the truth,” Finn says softly. “Don’t they, Lachlan?” “They do,” Lachlan agrees. “I think their driving principle is truth above
all…and loyalty. That’s important to them.”
“I wonder what they do to liars and betrayers?” Connor adds. There’s a savage joy in his voice. “I seem to remember something in the news last year…”
“I am asking you not to tell them,” Antonio repeats. He’s leaning over his desk a little. Maybe he’s sagging, using it for support. Maybe he’s trying to imitate a bow without having to really do it.
I can barely stand to be in the same room as the man. I want to take the paperweight on his desk and shove it down his throat, to throw him to the ground and watch his carefully-composed features crumple.
Antonio deserves everything and worse for what he’s done to my family. I want this to end here, but I also want it to drag on forever. I want him to suffer for every day of the two years I’ve suffered.
“What do you want?” Antonio asks, his voice low and his green eyes steady as he stares at Lachlan.
I can tell what’s going through Lachlan’s head. It’s going through mine, through Connor’s and Finn’s.
We all want Antonio’s blood. But we can’t take it.
It would be easy, but it also would be too risky. The Assembly still looms over all of us, despite the maneuver we’re trying to pull.
And brute force isn’t the way the O’Reilly family works. Even if it’s what we all want right now.
“Let’s	make	this	mutually	beneficial,”	Lachlan	says	shortly.	“A partnership.”
 
There is no question. Antonio doesn’t get that choice. He’s fucked and he knows it. All he has to decide is when he dies.
The muscles in Antonio’s jaw twitch. He might be trying not to fight as much as we are, or maybe he’s trying not to yell. Maybe he’s trying not to do something stupid.
I wish he would. A part of me—a very big part—wants Antonio to fuck up. I want him to do something stupid so I can end this right here and now. I don’t want to wait just as much as Connor doesn’t. I want Antonio to slip up. I want an excuse to end his life.
I don’t need an elaborate plan of revenge. I just need a life for a life.
Antonio’s eyes flicker between all of us. He looks like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. I’m not surprised he’s suspicious. We know he killed our father, and we’re asking for a partnership? I’d be suspicious too.
There’s no way Antonio doesn’t know we have it out for him. He knows the ‘partnership’ is just in name, and he knows it’s going to be bad, but he can’t say no. His life is hanging in the balance.
“Fine,” Antonio finally says. “For silence, I will do it.” “Of course you will,” Lachlan says.
Antonio leans back, away from his desk. He has nothing more to barter with, nothing more to give. He knows the game is up. He’s stuck with us, and he’s stuck with the consequences of his foolishness.
I can feel the beginnings of a bone-deep satisfaction set in. This is everything I’ve ever wanted and more.
I’ve fantasized about running into Antonio, about him trying to kill me, giving me an excuse to kill him.
This might be better. It’s not as quick, but I can enjoy watching Antonio burn.
“It’s settled,” Lachlan says coolly. “We’ll be seeing you soon.”
My older brother turns on his heel. I can hear Connor and Finn follow. I stay, pretending to take up the back, but I really just want to catch a last glimpse of Antonio’s face.
He doesn’t deflate when we leave. The man still has the spine or audacity to stand upright. But the look on his face and the haunted quality of his gaze gives him away.
He’s a dead man walking. And he knows it.
