CHAPTER 1
 
Rose
 


SEVERAL WEEKS EARLIER


I’m awake when the overhead speaker crackles to life, the flight attendant’s voice alerting me that we’re about to touch down. I hate this part the most.
When I was a kid, I remember being on a flight with my father. There was an air marshal on board, sitting across from me. We had the best seats— lots of leg room—but I knew my father didn’t like being close to the air marshal. He had this fake smile for most of the trip.
The air marshal was a young man with perfect white teeth and a charming smile. Like a prince. I must have stared at him, because he smiled at me as we flew, even as the plane rose and dropped in the turbulence.
“Are you scared?” he asked me, leaning forward, arms on his knees.
I shook my head. I wasn’t scared. I was my daddy’s girl, and I was tougher than that.
The man laughed. “Being in the air isn’t the scary part,” he said. “It’s the takeoff and the landing that’s the hardest.” He was right.
As I look out the window now, I’m no longer eight and pretending to be brave despite my fear of flying. I’m twenty-two, a woman, in control.
Mostly.
The airport looks the same. Boston hasn’t changed much since I’ve been gone, at least on the surface. I know what lies beneath—the six families that rule the underside of this polished exterior.
My father is the head of one of those families. Antonio Donovan, leader, mafia member, accused killer.
But above all that, to me, he’ll always just be Dad.
Boston is in my blood, deeper than anything else. Even the maelstrom of emotions in my chest can’t snuff out the flood of safety I feel, knowing that
 
I’m home.
The woman in the seat next to me glances over, trying to look past me out the window as we near the runway, and I lean back to give her a better view.
She seems to notice the way I’m gripping the armrests and gives me a sympathetic smile. “Lovely weather. Isn’t it?”
“Yeah. It’s a miracle,” I agree, trying to keep my voice even. “Are you from the area?”
The plane hits the tarmac hard. We bounce for a few seconds and my nails dig into the arms of my seat. I can’t help wishing I had a hand to hold instead.
It’s stupid. I remind myself of that, then remember I haven’t answered the woman.
“I am,” I finally say. “I’ve been going to college in California.” “Oh, really? That’s a long way away. You must get a lot of miles.” “No, not really. I… haven’t been back for a while.”
Not for four years.
The woman makes a noise of surprise. I glance over at her as her watery blue eyes widen, taking in her blonde hair and the small lines in her face covered with pressed powder. Her hair is a dye job, unlike my natural blonde locks, but it must’ve been recent, because I only see the tiniest hint of her roots.
“My nephew won’t stop coming back to do laundry,” she tells me, her voice dropping to a whisper as if we’re sharing juicy gossip. “Honestly, I don’t think he knows how to do it at all.”
I give a half shrug, chuckling. “Well, I had to learn. California to Boston was too far for me to come back for laundry.”
“No kidding! What were you studying?”
“Art history.” My shoulders relax a little as we taxi across the tarmac toward the gate. “That’s part of the reason I didn’t come back. All those sketchbooks and textbooks would’ve taken an extra suitcase or two.”
“Oh, an artist! How wonderful.”
“Well, I’m not really an artist,” I correct her. “It’s part of the degree to take some art classes, but that’s not what I’m interested in. I want to be a curator.”
“Really? You know, I’ve never thought about what it might take to do that.”
“Not many people do.” I shrug. I’m used to this response. People always
 
think of the wrong thing. “I always found it more interesting.” “How so?”
“It takes something special to be able to set up a room, a collection. It’s about lighting, color, theme—so many variables that make something perfect. It takes time. It’s an experience you’re making, not just an image.”
I think I spoke too much. The woman is grinning, laughing. I can feel the back of my neck getting hot. Her cheer isn’t ill-intentioned, but it reminds me too much of someone else.
Someone I would rather not think of.
For the first time, I’m grateful that the woman won’t stop talking. She pulls her purse out from under the seat in front of her and keeps going.
“So, you must be excited to be back. Four years is a long time.”
I’m not so excited anymore. She’s right. Four years is a long time. Even if the airport hasn’t changed, I know other things must have. Other people.
Aiden.
It’s easy to pretend I’m coming just to see my father, but the thought of Aiden has hung over me like a ghost ever since I packed my bags.
Thoughts of him invaded my mind as I booked my ticket. As I boarded the plane.
As I sit here now, staring out the window.
There are no words to really describe what it feels like to have your heart broken—and not just broken simply because of time or age or the fact that you don’t feel the same anymore.
I was in high school when it happened. We were young and I know that— knew it at the time too—but what he did tore my heart to shreds. It was thrown in a blender and decimated.
Aiden was the first person I ever loved, and I loved him with every last cell in my body. He took my love and crushed it to a pulp.
Graduation couldn’t come fast enough. I wanted to get away as quickly as possible, leaving behind the last painful gasps of high school that ground me up after Aiden hurt me.
I can’t even love Boston fully anymore. For all the beautiful memories of picnics with my friends in the park, there is a memory of kissing Aiden under the awning of the theater by our school.
There are memories of my first love scattered across the city, just like the crushed glass of my heart.
I can say it’s okay and move on, but some part of me always lingers a
 
little too long when I think about Aiden. I want to be done with him. The memory of him just never seems to be done with me.
We reach the gate, and after a few more minutes of small talk with the woman in my row, the doors finally open and we all disembark.
Navigating the airport is second nature. I make it out in good time, stand by the right curb, and call an Uber. I just want to get to my father’s house, settle in, and reset. I want to start applying for jobs and distract myself with paperwork. The rest of my life.
It’s four years too late to be throwing a pity party. I’ve moved past what Aiden did. He was awful, but I’ve known better men. Better people. Just because he ruined my last teenage years doesn’t mean he ruined everything for me.
I had fun in college. I lived. The memory of Aiden can’t change that.
I lift my chin and flag down the car as it arrives, wheeling my suitcases neatly around to the trunk.
I plan to tune out the ride with music. My favorite thing about taking a car is how many people will leave you alone. You don’t talk, they won’t talk. I don’t have to deal with as many painful conversations and mundane life stories.
The traffic isn’t bad. It’s early enough in the afternoon that people aren’t out of work, late enough that we don’t hit the lunch rush. I’m relieved to know that I’ll be home soon.
We pass by my old private school, and all those memories I didn’t want to think about come rushing to the surface. Battle Hill Prep still has the same brick-and-iron gate, like a magical entryway open only to important people.
And mafia families.
In my memory, Aiden leans by the left pillar clear as day, a perpetual brooding expression darkening his features. He’s a senior in my mind’s eye, just how I remember him. We’ve already passed the school, but it’s burned into my mind.
He was handsome even as a teenager. I knew I loved him fast, and I fell hard. I wanted to run my hands through his dark brown hair so badly, feel the softness, smell the spice and pine in his shampoo.
I won’t deny that half of my attraction was purely sexual, a consequence of being a teenager and being desperately stupid in love.
But it was also his blue eyes that drew me in. They were endless, and they didn’t give many people the time of day. I wanted to be someone he looked
 
at.
I didn’t know at first that he could look at anyone the way he looked at
me. He was so hard, so rough around the edges, that I wasn’t sure he could want me as anything more than a fuck. But Aiden softened just a little when I was with him. When I held his hand.
I thought the hidden moments between us meant something. I thought his softness was a sign of how much he truly loved me.
I believed him… right up until he publicly humiliated me and broke contact completely, acting like I didn’t even exist.
He never spoke to me after he tore my heart out of my chest.
He graduated not long after that and left me alone, bloodied, a broken patchwork of the vibrant girl I had been before. I finished the last year of high school feeling totally alone and abandoned.
Fuck, it was awful. I feel sorry for the girl I was then, even though I know I’m stronger now. I know how to make peace with the past and gracefully move on.
At least, I thought I did. These memories and scenes of my past life are making it hard to feel fine right now, and I desperately search for something else to distract me.
We’re coming up on a riverwalk. The road curves gently over it, but I’m not looking at the road. I’m thinking about the underpass, our spot, the place Aiden and I would escape to.
He made the rest of the world disappear under that bridge, one hand on my back, the other heavy and warm against my neck.
No place is safe from the memories, apparently. I squeeze my eyes shut and wait until I see red spots.
When I open my eyes, we’re far away. The city is closing in, little shops and restaurants lining the street. I let my head fall against the window, miserable, wishing I’d just pretended to sleep the whole drive.
I can tell where we are by the bookstore on the corner. The driver slows, the light yellow ahead of us. I bite my lip and think of where we are and what’s ahead.
It’s been almost an entire day, and I haven’t eaten. All the stress hasn’t helped, and honestly, I know just what would help distract me from the reality of the place I’ve come back to.
“Pull over at the next stop sign, please. I need to pick up some food, if that’s okay.”
 
The driver taps the steering wheel with the palm of his hand. Maybe he’s considering it.
I know how to handle this. “I’ll tip you an extra twenty for the time. It won’t be long.”
“All right,” the guy says. He turns the volume on the radio up.
Cousins Sandwich sits on the corner of the street. We pull up to it, and I nearly cry when I climb out of the car and smell the scent of garlic and deli meat issuing from the propped-open front door.
It’s a chain, but a local one. They make the best club sandwiches, and they don’t skimp on the sides. I spent countless nights in middle school laughing and talking with my friends while eating their macaroni salad.
This is one of the good things about being back. As I duck inside, the smell of onions on a grill stings my nose, rich and sharp. The girl at the register is probably in high school. She’s young, with a smile that says the world is hers.
I order from memory, quickly, then step away from the counter and wait by the deli display.
“Wow. Rose?”
The immediate dread I feel stings worse than the smoke in the air. I turn, praying it isn’t anyone I know.
But of course, no such luck.
Fortunately, this is a familiar face I don’t mind seeing.
“Noah,” I say, surprised. I remember him from high school. He wasn’t one of the bullies who made it a personal goal to make my life miserable.
He was actually kind of nerdy, but he was always nice. He looks the same, but the details are different—he’s thinner than he was then, his haircut better. He has curly blonde hair and kind hazel eyes.
“Wow. It is you,” Noah says, laughing. “I wasn’t sure for a second. It’s been so long.”
“Yeah. It’s been a while.” I nod, unable to think of anything else to say. I feel like an alien. How do people even talk anymore? “You’re still around, or…?”
“Yeah, for now,” he says. He shrugs easily, like his shoulders are free of weight. He has an airiness to him, as if he doesn’t have baggage.
I’m not sure I know what the fuck that would be like, but I assume it’s nice.
“Cool. I’m visiting. Or… I’m not sure,” I admit.
 
It’s easy to talk to Noah. I know he doesn’t know much about the Assembly. He’s not part of a mafia family. He knows what everyone at Battle Hill Prep knew, but he’s not in the thick of it.
He wouldn’t know about the truth.
I’m sure Noah remembers what happened between Aiden and me, as public as it was. Maybe he doesn’t want to acknowledge it, though, or maybe he’s just comfortable not having to.
“Well, you should stick around,” Noah says. “They cleaned up the shopping center. We even have a legitimate Gucci now.”
“Oh, how distinguished,” I reply, laughing. We all used to hang out at the same place in high school. There was a yogurt place that always seemed half- broken down, but we loved it anyway.
Noah watches me with a pleased little smile. I wonder if he’s not used to having good conversations with old high school acquaintances, or maybe he’s just glad talking to me didn’t blow up in his face. “You know, if you’re around long enough, we should catch up. Maybe do lunch tomorrow?”
His offer is surprising, but not unwelcome. I’d like to get a look around town, but I don’t want to get caught alone by someone I don’t want to see.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m up for it. We can meet at the center, maybe?”
Noah nods. He leans back against the glass display, relaxed. He’s so blessedly normal that I feel like my blood pressure is dropping. I don’t have to worry about what his motive is. He’s just a normal guy talking to me.
Although he probably thinks I’m a normal woman. “That sounds good,” he says. “How’s one o’clock?” “Perfect.”
The counter bell rings and I lean over to pick up my food. I remember the car is still outside, so I turn in that direction.
“Sorry to have to run, but I have an Uber waiting. I’m headed home,” I say. “Jet lag.”
“Sure, of course. I didn’t realize you just touched down.” Noah runs a hand through his head of curls, and I can see just the faintest hint of the boy he was in high school.
It’s comforting to know someone hasn’t changed much. I smile and hold up my sandwich bag. “One o’clock.”
“Oh, here.” Noah turns quickly, taking a pen from the cup next to the register. He scribbles on a napkin and passes it to me. “Just in case. Since you just got back, I know you might get busy. If you need to change our plans,
 
just let me know.”
“That’s probably smart,” I reply. “Well, I’ll see you.”
I can’t wait any longer. I push my way out and wave as I go. The car is still there, thank god, and I realize it’s only been eight minutes. I thank the driver as I get in and toss the sandwich bag into my purse.
It only takes another five minutes for us to pass the ice cream place where Aiden and I went on our second date. I quickly look away, but it’s too late.
I tell myself it’s the lingering onion and smoke from the sandwich shop that’s making my eyes sting, but I know it’s a lie.
Maybe I never should have come back. Four years did me good. I was able to piece myself together, harden my heart, and learn not to fall in love so easily, but now that I’m back, it feels like a dam is about to burst in my chest.
All the reinforcements I’ve surrounded my heart with do nothing against the bursts of memory and emotion that keep slipping through the cracks. The pressure is too much, and it’s threatening to drown me the same way it did back then.
I close my eyes and clutch my phone tightly in my hand. I can survive this. I’m stronger than the heartbroken teenage girl I once was.
But if I have to see Aiden, I don’t know what I’ll do.
I’m not sure I’ll survive it. I’m not sure what I’ll even say. And how can I avoid him when our families are two parts of the underside of Boston?
One thing is certain: if our paths cross, I won’t be leaving Boston the same woman that I am now.
Again.
 
