CHAPTER 3
 


Aiden



I catch a glimpse of myself in the glass doors as I follow the others out. I almost don’t recognize myself.
My leather jacket shifts as I walk, my movements agitated. My hair is out of place. Dark strands fall away from where I neatly pushed them back away from my temples.
I look like a storm.
I feel like a whirlwind. The reality of what we’ve just done is beginning to settle in. There’s a kinetic energy buzzing between each of us, feeding off each other, amplifying the unsettled nature in our bodies. We’ve always been men of action and motion. This is adding fuel to the fire.
I take my place in the front seat as Lachlan starts the car. For a few moments, no one speaks.
Lachlan starts to take the long way back to Tír na Nóg. The club feels like it’s five hundred miles away and right around the corner at the same time. It feels like we left a lifetime ago.
“Do we have him?” Finn finally says. He doesn’t sound amazed. It’s more like finality.
The words break the spell of silence. He’s made this real by talking, by speaking the truth into the world.
Connor laughs, breathless. “We have him over a fucking barrel.” “He’s one of the biggest players,” Lachlan murmurs.
It’s true that not all six of the families have split their territory evenly. It would be a stretch to ask as much. Power is different to all that hold it. Antonio was given more than enough, yet he still felt like he needed more.
Clearly, Antonio didn’t feel well-compensated or respected enough in this
 
city. He got greedy, and that will be his downfall.
I get what Lachlan is trying to say. So does Connor.
“There’s no telling how far we go,” Connor says, darkly gleeful. “With our power aligned? We’ll be unstoppable. We’ll take half of Boston.”
Finn interrupts, something dark flashing in his eyes. “We can’t trust him.” “We don’t,” Lachlan replies evenly. “That hasn’t changed.”
“We can’t trust him even a little,” Finn says sharply. He leans over his legs as if he’s talking across the table from Lachlan, trying to impress upon him how much this matters.
Finn is contradictory. He always has been. For someone with an addictive personality, it’s strange to me that he’s so adamant about being careful now.
It makes me feel like he knows something, or like he has some kind of premonition.
“He could try to go back on the deal,” Finn continues. He slumps back in his seat, but the motion is agitated. Like he has to move or he’ll go crazy.
Connor shrugs. “And? We have the dirt.” It’s like Finn doesn’t even hear him.
“He could try to fuck us. He’s a fucking rat, obviously,” he mutters, waving a hand around. “I mean, he said yes because he had no choice. Who knows what the hell he’s doing now that we’ve left?”
“Pissing himself,” Connor says, smug. “Probably checking his will.”
“If he thinks he has nothing to lose by it, he’ll do what he did again. He’ll kill one of us. Or maybe more.”
Finn’s voice is gruff, and I share a look with Lachlan before glancing over at our younger brother.
Our father’s death fucked us up. It was awful, but we were getting by, until six months after his funeral when our mother had a heart attack. Her heart stopped, and the world stopped with it. She became unresponsive, as lost to us as our father but still alive.
Barely.
The doctors call it a vegetative state, but we know it as a waking death.
Barely half a year on the heels of our father’s murder, it was too much.
Finn spiraled.
The rest of us weren’t doing well either. We could hardly manage our father’s empire, our grief, and our mother’s care, much less Finn. The few moments we managed to get him alone didn’t go very far.
He was always out at a bar or a club or a brothel, maybe trying to get
 
away from the memories. He definitely tried to drink them away.
It became less common to see Finn sober after our mother’s health failed. He was always just a little bit fucked up, just a little bit distant from the world. Some days it was worse, and he couldn’t even stand. Other days it was barely noticeable, just a hint of whiskey on his breath.
Now, with our father’s murderer in our grasp, the cracks are beginning to show. Finn is sober today because maybe this is the one thing he can sober up for, but I can feel in my heart that he’ll probably get trashed tonight.
This is digging at old wounds for all of us. “He’s not wrong,” I say. I mean it.
Despite whatever trauma or fear is informing Finn, he’s not wrong to be worried.
Connor sighs. “Yeah.”
I tap my fingers against my knee. “We can’t trust Antonio to comply. We know he once risked everything to murder another head of the Assembly. He cheated the Ravens. There’s nothing that snake won’t do.”
Lachlan turns the steering wheel. We’re driving over the river now, the water lazily running under us. I can remember visiting as a teenager, before the death of our father. We used to hang targets on the trees and practice throwing knives at them.
“We need insurance,” Lachlan says. He has the voice of a man who’s already made up his mind.
I can feel realization gnawing at me. Somewhere inside myself, I know what he’s thinking. I always know what Lachlan’s thinking.
“So, what?” Connor asks. “We take one of his top men? Or we hold someone in his family? I mean, he doesn’t have much that isn’t tied to the Assembly.”
“It’ll be hard to get something he isn’t willing to cut off to save himself,” Finn agrees.
If you’re in the Assembly, you know that sacrifices are all part of the game. There is never anything or anyone sacred if your goal is the top. Not that every family is like that. There are plenty of families that will protect their own, content to have as much as they have.
Antonio isn’t one of those people.
Not even our father was one of those people.
We are two families that want more for ourselves. That kind of drive, that kind of desire pushes us.
 
My brothers and I learned young that heart is for family, but only so long as they live by the rules. The second you cross your family, you have nothing left.
We also learned that nothing is sacred in the world we inhabit. Sometimes you have to break with what you love the most to make it a step further.
“His daughter will be easiest,” Lachlan says. The words drop like stones in the well of my memory.
Plink. There’s a memory of her standing in the hallway in high school, laughing shyly. Plink. A memory of her hand on my chest as we stood in front of the movie theater, hanging behind our friends, stealing a moment.
Plink. Her face when I humiliated her before the entire school, her eyes red but no tears running down her cheeks.
Her father taught her well.
Lachlan exhales slowly. “She’ll need to be married. Cement the alliance, make it impossible for him to betray us.”
“Old school,” Finn murmurs, but he’s not disagreeing.
There’s a reason why a ploy like this works. Why it’s still used.
Connor shrugs. “I’ll do it, but I don’t know. I’m not O’Reilly by blood
—”
“You are to us,” I say automatically. It’s instinct at this point.
Connor snorts. “Yeah, but will he see it that way? He’d probably dispute
it, maybe not even respect it.”
“He’s right,” Finn says. “He hasn’t been the most gracious about it in the past.”
Not many people have. Being adopted is almost worse than being a bastard in our world. You can’t call someone a bastard to their face. You can talk about blood all day. It’s all the Assembly will talk about sometimes.
It doesn’t matter what we think of Connor or what value we know he has. Everyone in the Assembly knows he’s adopted. They know his position and it doesn’t impress them.
There’s no way Antonio would accept Connor.
Lachlan can’t do it. He is the head of the family and he has to be unfettered, unbound by our plots so that if anything happens, he’ll be left standing. No matter what.
I know better than to ask this of Finn. He’s a mess right now, and we only spoke to Antonio for a few minutes. I can’t even imagine what it would be like for him to be married to the man’s daughter for insurance.
 
He’d probably be drunk for the wedding. “I’ll do it.”
It’s the natural progression, and even as I say it, I know I should have said it first. I knew before Lachlan spoke what we would have to do. I’ve known since I heard we had dirt on Antonio. I knew the way this would play out. I just didn’t let myself think about it until it was bearing down on me like a freight train.
Lachlan glances at me. I can’t see anything in his face or the brief glimpse I get of his eyes.
“Are you sure?”
I know he’d make arrangements if I said no. Lachlan would bend over backward to make this work.
I have to be willing to do the same.
Finn chimes in uneasily. “You have a history. We know. You don’t have to do this.”
Half the Assembly knows about Rose and me. Anyone who went to school with us knows about our history, about the way things splintered between us.
Or at least, they think they know. There’s only one man who really knows the truth.
“I can handle it,” I tell them.
I don’t even know if that’s the fucking truth.
The more I think about Rose, the more memories come back. I don’t know how to sort them out. I don’t know for certain if I can trust myself. I don’t even know how I’d react if I saw Rose today, now, right here before me. What does she look like now? Has she changed?
I cared about her once.
Once, I would have given her everything. Now, I hate her whole goddamn family. And she’s going to be my bride.
