chapter two

Jeremiah’s fraternity was throwing an end-of-year party. In less than a week we would all go home for the summer, and we wouldn’t be back at Finch until the end of August. I had always loved summertime best of all, but now that I was ﬁnally going home, somehow it felt a little bittersweet. I was used to meeting Jeremiah in the dining hall for breakfast every morning and doing my laundry with him at his frat house late at night. He was good at folding my T-shirts.
This summer, he would be interning at his dad’s company again, and I was going to waitress at a family restaurant called Behrs, the same as I did last summer. Our plan was to meet at the summer house in Cousins as often as we could. Last summer we hadn’t made it out there once. We’d both been so busy with our jobs. I took every shift I could to save money for school. All the while, I’d felt a little hollow inside, my ﬁrst summer away from Cousins.
There were a few lightning bugs out. It was just getting dark, and it wasn’t too hot of a night. I was wearing heels, which was stupid, since on a last-minute impulse I’d walked instead of taking the bus. I just ﬁgured it was the last time for a long time I’d walk across campus on a nice night like this.
I’d invited Anika and our friend Shay to come with me, but Anika had a party with her dance team, and Shay was already done with ﬁnals and had ﬂown home to Texas. Taylor’s sorority was having a mixer, so she wasn’t coming either. It was just me and my sore feet.
I had texted Jeremiah to tell him I was on my way and that I was walking, so it would take me a little while. I had to keep stopping to adjust my shoes because they were cutting into the backs of my feet. Heels were dumb, I decided.
Halfway there, I saw him sitting on my favorite bench. He stood up when he saw me. “Surprise!”
 
“You didn’t have to meet me,” I said, feeling very happy he had. I sat down on the bench.
“You look hot,” he said.
Even now, after being boyfriend and girlfriend for a whole two years, I still blushed a little when he said things like that. “Thanks,” I said. I was wearing a sundress that I had borrowed from Anika. It was white with little blue ﬂowers and ruﬄy straps.
“That dress reminds me of The Sound of Music, but in a hot way.”
“Thanks,” I said again. Did the dress make me look like Fräulein Maria, I wondered? That didn’t sound like a good thing. I smoothed down the straps a little.
A couple of guys I didn’t recognize stopped and said hi to Jeremiah, but I stayed put on the bench so I could rest my feet.
When they were gone, he said, “Ready?”
I groaned. “My feet are killing me. Heels are dumb.” Jeremiah stooped down low and said, “Hop on, girl.”
Giggling, I climbed on his back. I always giggled when he called me “girl.” I couldn’t help it. It was funny.
He hoisted me up and I put my arms around his neck. “Is your dad coming on Monday?” Jeremiah asked as we crossed the main lawn.
“Yeah. You’re gonna help, right?”
“Come on, now. I’m carrying you across campus. I have to help you move, too?”
I swatted him on the head and he ducked. “Okay, okay,” he said.
Then I blew a raspberry on his neck, and he yelped like a little girl. I laughed the whole way there.
